Mr. Tang, what's the matter?
What did you say while I was away?
It's not that the old man is afraid that you will be bullied
aggrieved, that's right
My wife and I still have a few small items
The guest came to collect something a few days ago.
Ah.
You can also take it and see what you can change.
Let's go, listen to your teacher
Maybe soon there will be no more
Brother capitalist tail
Break the fourth uncle's statement
And indeed, the private sector was liberalized.
Tang Lao is worthy of being a professor of complexity
Just by relying on a daily newspaper
You can see the change and the prosperity of the future
That was amazing.
Xiaoyan's return to the city
What are you thinking?
What else can you think?
Yuanyuan was willing to marry me to help me
I don't know now.
Is he willing to be with me for the rest of his life?
I'd rather know that he has a lot of ideas
When I was angry, I heard someone over there say it before
It seems that someone is introducing someone to Xiaoyuan
It seems to be Li Yan, the deputy secretary of the brigade
Could it be that he is the destined sweetheart?
Don't know and don't know
You've been married a few months, right?
What do you do?
Can't you see Xiaoyan's thoughts?
Can't you see it?
Who knows what he was thinking?
Even if he has a good relationship, it has nothing to do with me
Okay, you don't know what to ask
Then tell me what you think about Xiaoyuan
Have an idea
What? No idea.
Oh, nothing much.
Got it
Yeah.
But teacher
You don't have to be in such a hurry to sell antiques, do you?
I can pay the tuition if I need money
Nonsense even if you are my student
We can't always accept your help, can we?
You have to stand up too
You can't always rely on men
Not to mention some cynicism
A man who worships high and low
I am, relying on everyone to run dry
Hey
Why is he gone?
Brat has a good temper
Teacher, I'll go see what's wrong with him.
Go ahead.
If you dare to bully you, tell the teacher
Teacher supports you
What's going on here?
The atmosphere is so weird